  Q1 You have been assigned to design a VPC architecture for a 2-tier application. The application needs to be highly available and scalable. 
    How would you design the VPC architecture?
 
Q2  Your organization has a VPC with multiple subnets. You want to restrict outbound internet access for resources in one subnet, 
    but allow outbound internet access for resources in another subnet. How would you achieve this?

Q3   You have a VPC with a public subnet and a private subnet. Instances in the private subnet need to access the internet for software updates. 
     How would you allow internet access for instances in the private subnet?

Q4  You have launched EC2 instances in your VPC, and you want them to communicate with each other using private IP addresses. 
    What steps would you take to enable this communication?

Q5  You want to implement strict network access control for your VPC resources. How would you achieve this?

Q6   Your organization requires an isolated environment within the VPC for running sensitive workloads. 
    How would you set up this isolated environment?

 Q7  Your application needs to access AWS services, such as S3 securely within your VPC. How would you achieve this?

 Q8   What is the difference between NACL and Security groups ? Explain with a use case ?

Q9    What is the difference between IAM users, groups, roles and policies ?

Q10    You have a private subnet in your VPC that contains a number of instances that should not have direct internet access. 
       However, you still need to be able to securely access these instances for administrative purQposes. How would you set up a bastion host to facilitate this access?

Q11 Is there a way to upload a file that is greater than 100 megabytes on Amazon S3?

Q12 What is the maximum number of S3 buckets you can create?

Q13 When should you use the classic load balancer and the application load balancer?

Q14  Which one of the storage solutions offered by AWS would you use if you need extremely low pricing and data archiving?

Q15 You have connected four instances to ELB. To automatically terminate your unhealthy instances and replace them with new ones, which functionality would you use?

Q16   Can you launch Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instances with predetermined private IP addresses? If yes, then with which Amazon service is it possible?

Q17  Which Amazon solution will you use if you want to accelerate moving petabytes of data in and out of AWS, 
     using storage devices that are designed to be secure for data transfer?

Q18 You accidently stopped an EC2 instance in a VPC with an associated Elastic IP. If you start the instance again, what will be the result?

Q19 Your organization has around 50 IAM users. Now, it wants to introduce a new policy that will affect the access permissions of an IAM user. 
How can it implement this without having to apply the policy at the individual user level?

Q20   I created a web application with autoscaling. 
      I observed that the traffic on my application is the highest on Wednesdays and Fridays between 9 AM and 7 PM. 
      What would be the best solution for me to handle the scaling?
